BUGS
  *. Elemeno somehow got kicked out of the cult of cthulhu. Erelisa started the gang, made elemeno boss, and now somehow elemeno is no
     longer a member and erelisa is boss again. Elemeno still has option of using Boss of Cult of Cthulu title. 

TECH
   *. test launch and landing
   *. interacting items of diff tech level might damage each other
   *. personal scanner/tricorder software: mineral scanner, computer interface (with ship perhaps?)!
   *. entry systems for ships (default entry key card, voice code, identifying scanner)
   *. work on automatic component values
   *. make sure shopkeeper item techlevels watch the master tech level
   *. make ship sensor systems
   *. make tractor beam system -- esp important for pirates!
   *. make ship shield systems murder motel again -- some good against phasers, some torpedos, some lasers
   *. make ship phaser, laser systems murder motel again
   *. make ship torpedo launchers and torpedo containers
   *. make ship impulse and warp engines
   *. make ship dampeners
   *. damaged systems should sometimes require random parts, from particular manufacturers, that repair respects
   *. finish main ship software for controlling all this stuff
   *. add electronics to guides, how to make a ship, how to build space, etc, details about tech
   *. add electronics to MG
   *. add spaceobject stuff to MG
   *. add spaceobject mapper system to MG
   *. keep reviewing and updating the GameOverview.html doc

NON-TECH
   *. Test and Fix all those damn new skills.
		New Alterer spells: 
			Polymorph Object, 
			Magic Bullet, 
			Flame Arrow, 
			Shape Object, 
			Keen Edge, 
			Fabricate
		New Illusionist spells: 
			Color Spray, 
			Disguise Undead, 
			Disguise Self, 
			Disguise Other, 
			Simulacrum, 
			Invisibility Sphere
		New Abjurer spell: 
			Anti-Plant Shell
		New Evoker spells: 
			Purge Invisibility, 
			Helping Hand, 
			Produce Flame, 
			Forceful Hand, 
			Pocket
		New Conjurer spells: 
			Watchful Hound, 
			Insect Plague
		New Cleric spells: 
			Death Guard, 
			Death Knell, 
			Sense Injury, 
			Anti Undead Field, 
			Hold Undead, 
			Incite the Dead
		More Cleric spells: 
			Mercy, 
			Awaken, 
			Dream Feast, 
			Corpse Walk, 
			True Resurrection, 
			Devourer Curse, 
			Snake Staff
		Even More Cleric spells: 
			Protection from Outsiders, 
			Unholy Portent, 
			Joyous Rapture, 
			Protection from Curses, 
			Bloatbomb
		New Oracle spells: 
			Sense Faithful, 
			Speak with Dead
		New Purist spells: 
			Judgement, 
			Piety Curse, 
			Sanctimonious
		New Shaman spells: 
			Refuge
		New Assassin skills: 
			Two Dagger Fighting, 
			Cut Throat, 
			Dagger Defense, 
			Deep Cut, 
			Dagger Specialization
		New Ranger skills: 
			Camouflage, 
			Repel Vermin (chant), 
			Delay Poison, 
			Sense Snares and Pits, 
			Set Snare, 
			Air Wall
		More Ranger skills: 
			Speak with Animals, 
			Hunters Endurance, 
			Bow Specialization, 
			Fierce Companions
		New Paladin skills/prayers: 
			Resurrect Mount, 
			Hammer of Light, 
			Abiding Aura, 
			Paladin's Mount, 
			Command Horse, 
			Heal Mount, 
			Holy Strike
		New Fighter skills: 
			Toughness, 
			Toughness II, 
			Toughness III, 
			Desperate Moves
   *. All Fighters - Combat Training - takes time, transfers weapon specializations to target temporarily and 1 level up max +XP
   *. All Fighters - Guard Duty Auto invoked by AUTOGUARD can start a little "Guarding" prog for, say, 10 rl minutes.
   *. Rideables with some portal you could enter for below decks, etc.
   *. Wants and Needs engine - similar to slavery system
   *. RandomQuests based off the Percolator engine -- a way to randomly generate different quests.
   *. Create Magi Robes(or whatever you wanted to call them) that would enhance his/her magic of their chosen field.
   *. retest private libs, private dbtables, private classes, private area objects, private players
   *. OLC for players?  Play with PennMush more. Port 4201
   *. Finish Player Simulator -- the Perpetual Project
   *. Facebook interface?
   *. MudFTP/DawnFTP support - lets you edit room descriptions etc. in your favourite text editor, or just for fun
   *. Clan Calendar system, that can use mud and rl dates, for scheduling things. Might send reminders -- based on journaling system of course.
   *. Lich Phylactery -- acts as a recall beacon, but only during death. If the Phylactery is destroyed then the lich loses xp and must construct a new one,
      undergoing the ritual all over again. However if they have a phylactery when they die they do not lose experience but they do have to wait until their
      corperal body is remade, giving them a waiting period in an incorporeal state.
